# Wintrest

#### Our project is a social media platform for Wellesley students and alumni to network. It is a mixture of Tinder and Linkedin, where users are matched on the basis of what’s important to them - interests, values, personalities, and demographic traits like being first gen, low income, or of a minority ethnic group. Our aim is to create a way for the Wellesley community to create and maintain meaningful relationships in order to intentionally overcome the isolation produced by digital-first communication and continue to provide valuable connections across existing groups going into the future.
#### On a global level, the coronavirus pandemic has rendered many of the ways we have been accustomed to finding and developing relationships impossible. Isolation has always been a problem at Wellesley because of the heavily academic culture and the difficulty of scheduling time with friends. For many students coming from underrepresented backgrounds, the ins and outs of networking and building relationships with the community of alumni are bewildering and difficult to navigate. Due to the pandemic, there is a pressing need for alternative methods of organic social interaction and the building of effective support networks for students. 
#### **Our project is potentially a solution to all these problems**. It enables students to rebuild some of the sense of community that has been lost. It enables freshmen to form communities amongst themselves and with upperclassmen, from whom they are largely separated in Wellesley’s physical space. It enables connection to alumni mentors, helping students to develop their networks and learn about what life after Wellesley could look like, and providing alumni with a fulfilling way to stay connected to the school.
